in the town of river hides there's no
mystery that Nancy Drew that's all
Nancy's my best man I mean she would be
if she Rob force now she's moving to the
big city and making a big impression I
noticed you're wearing penny loafers I
like old-fashioned things Oh
we've noticed she's my sister but I also
think she might be the devil this summer
did you know agent Mercer himself it's
one of the greatest unsolved cases of
all time everyone was trying to piece
this thing together is run into trouble
where Nancy Drew goes mystery always
follows we're not trying to kill us
yeah I'm wondering that too in fact I'm
kind of freaking out about Nancy Drew
tunnel and I'm going in I'm not back in
ten minutes that means something Bad's
happened see I don't know it's a joke